hello guys today i got my fifth package
from dealextreme so let's unbox it here
on the back taste dolls and toys and
toys okay so let's see what it and
here's a 4 x 4 x 4 rubik's cube so let's
open up this box is quite small index
check that looks like here's a manual on
how to solve it but Sally it's in
Chinese and I can reduce use this um now
here's cube itself has some nice colors
and it's quite small so let's try a
loose now that really smooth right out
of the box it's really slow so yeah it's
really good on let's see help cuts
corners pretty nicely so yeah and if you
did a size comparison here is a free
this weekend's free and it's just a bit
bigger and x.x packed expected it to be
a lot bigger so anyways it's good and
here's today's that I stood from
dealextreme to and yeah it's not a lot
bigger than it so
let's move on well here's a lower one
for my friend so I need to open this and
the last thing is I'm not a Rubik's Cube
it's a mirror block and it looks pretty
nice and you moves really good please
move so the thing is how it works that
the every QB is different size so it's a
bit harder to solve no than normal three
times for hands-free Rubik's Cube
because that here are no colors but just
the how big the pace is so if turn oh it
almost fell apart haha yeah it's a
floppy they are kind of floppy int
expect that now we'll see the core
that's pretty weird so yeah that's it
for today guys and yeah I ordered some
new stuff and there will be a lot more
videos than i SAT so have a nice day bye